at the white House.
President Biden
and Vice President Kamala Harris
will hold a critical meeting
with the U.S.
hostage negotiating team
in hopes of crafting a cease fire
deal to free the people
Hamas took captive during the October
7th terror
attack on Israel,
97 hostages are still being held,
including seven Americans.
Of those Americans, four
are believed to still be alive.
This weekend's discovery
of six hostages killed in a Hamas
tunnel underscores the sense of urgency
Israel calls it, quote,
cold blooded murder.
Minutes ago,
a funeral began
for the young man on your far
left Israeli American. Hirsh Goldberg.
Poland, Israel's president,
apologized to the family in his eulogy.
As a human being, as a father,
and as the president
of the state of Israel,
I want to say how sorry I am,
how sorry I am, that we
didn't protect others on that dark today.
I'm sorry I am
that we failed to bring him home
in his life and in his death
touched all of humanity deeply.
He has changed the world
and woven his essence of light
and love
into the story of the Jewish people
and into our human story forever.
This morning I saw a clip of a vigil.
It took place in New York last night,
appropriate that the crowd was singing
unevenly time, and some of them,
you and I will change the world
for 23 years of life
that we had with you were blessing.
We now will work to make your legacy
a similar blessing.
You are a really great guy.
I love you.
For the families of the hostages,
it has been nearly 11 months of torment
and agonizing disappointment.
I want to bring in the parents of 20 year
old Eden Alexander.
He is an American member
of the Israeli Defense Forces,
and has been held hostage
since the
Hamas terror attack on October
7th and Yale.
Alexander joins joined us
now from New York.
how is the family holding up?
yeah. I'll, I'll go to you first.
And, your response to,
what's taking place in Israel right now.
Hi. Good morning. Jim.
what happened in Israel
now that everybody at the streets,
there was a strike today?
Everyone was just screaming
and being with the family.
And just to make sure that
they're going to seal
the deal,
they're going to bring our loved ones
home.
Safety like, right.
They're doing whatever they can
just to make a noise.
It's not a political issue,
it's humanitarian issue.
And to see all the crowds
and on the streets,
we are not alone.
You know,
we are fighting this fight for 332 days.
It's almost 11 months
that our son is not with us,
he's not with the family,
and we are going to do everything
in our power
to make it happen
and to bring him home
and to bring the other hostages home.
well,
I just want to say
that you are definitely not alone.
We're all thinking about you.
We're all praying for other safe return.
I do want to play a little bit
of what President Biden,
said, just a few moments ago
about all of us. Let's listen,
Mr.
President, if you think
it's time for prayer,
Prime Minister Netanyahu,
to do more on this issue,
do you think he's doing enough?
No.
So you hear the president there saying
he doesn't think
the Prime minister is doing enough.
What is your thought on that?
I think he's absolutely right.
from the get go, the, US government,
we in touch with the U.S. government.
As you know,
we met Jake Sullivan yesterday
for 15 times,
and we don't see the same,
sense of urgency and the same dedication
from the Israelis
as we see from the Americans.
And, this is devastating.
And it's, actually, very surprising.
Do you think,
what more could be done?
First of all,
on Netanyahu's government,
they have to stop to move
the goalpost of the, negotiation.
They have to stop
to undermine the negotiating team itself,
and they have to seal the deal.
Enough. It's enough.
Exactly.
They need to bring the hostages back
home. That's it.
It's 11 months.
We don't have time
like we saw on Saturday. What happened?
They murder them over there,
so they need to understand.
That's why we urge them
since the beginning, that it's.
They don't have time.
They leave it. Hell.
And when you say that Netanyahu
keeps moving the goalposts,
what do you mean by that?
I mean that I mean by that,
to ramp up additional demand
and, the, Philadelphia,
crossing
as, sticking point of the negotiations.
This is unacceptable.
They put a proposal back in,
May and of May
just stick to this proposal.
They need to move on
and to show us
that they want the hostages back.
Now, I like
I don't know,
I don't know if it's going to happened.
Right.
And I do want to share some of the essay
that you both wrote
for the New York Times.
We can show this to our viewers.
It's not just the fear of losing our son
that now keeps us up at night.
It's the fact that his murder
is becoming the more probable outcome.
And we have no faith in Mr.
Netanyahu's will to change that.
as a parent, reading
that just breaks my heart.
how do you find the hope that Eden
is still alive?
First we have,
some,
eyewitnesses
that were released back in November
that he's that he alive?
so,
we just sticking to this
hope that he's a strong.
He's a strong kid.
He was a professional swimmer
in high school.
Is like,
we call people flight.
And he's a good, like, is amazingly done.
And I'm hoping that is strong.
And he knows that
we are fighting for him.
And he will come back home.
And we're looking at some pictures
of it on now.
And he just looks like a remarkable
young man.
tell us a little bit more about him.
he done,
I don't know, he's
got this beautiful smile.
He love, like to be with friends.
He love to party, love to be at,
at the beach.
He loved to go to restaurants like this.
Is he done?
You know,
when we've been here in New York,
we went to art shows like,
whatever we can to to live life
like this.
Is he done for us?
And I'm hoping it's going to happen soon.
Like we can reunite the whole family
and we will continue.
And what has it been like,
being a part of this, community now,
I suppose, of other families
who are in the same situation.
How do you support one another,
lean on one another,
to get, try to get through this?
Yeah.
We are all big family.
And,
with the lost of heroes on Saturday,
we are devastating.
We were crying.
We are broken. We are.
You know, we.
You know, this is really tough.
This is really, really tough.
But at the end of the day,
you have to have hope in all of this.
Absolutely.
And,
the hope this is what, holding us up.
Hope is mandatory.
Life is mandatory.
Like, Rachel said and,
but said we don't have a choice.
We are going to continue fighting
till they all come back.
And what
what would be your message
to Prime Minister Netanyahu?
you've been very critical of him.
what would be your message
if you could say something
if he were watching,
if his team was watching,
what would you say?
He promised us something
on the white House
in front of Biden and Sullivan last July.
You want to tell him
that he will, proceed the deal?
But our message.
Do not delay it.
Just do not delay the deal.
Military.
More military pressure
brings more of that. Hostages.
Let's execute
the deal and cross the finish line.
All right, y'all, and Audie Alexander,
parents of Iran.
thank you so much for speaking with us.
As I said earlier,
we're all thinking about
you and your family
and all of the families,
and praying for the safe
return of those hostages.
Thank you so much.
We really appreciate it.
Thank you for having us.
Thank you. All right.